Trevor Square
Stunning home in the heart of Knightsbridge
5 Bedrooms
3 Full Bathrooms
Ideal for Large Groups and Families
Pet-Friendly
£ 37,500 / Month








Description
Stunning home in the heart of Knightsbridge
Experience the ultimate in luxury and comfort in this spacious 5-bedroom home, perfectly designed to accommodate up to 11 guests. Ideal for large groups and families, this elegant property is spread over five floors and features stylish decor throughout.
Each of the five comfortable bedrooms offers a restful retreat, with four king beds and one double bed. The master bedroom boasts a luxurious en-suite, while a sofa bed in the living room provides additional sleeping space for an eleventh guest.
The home’s private garden offers a serene spot for relaxation, perfect for a morning coffee or an evening unwind. Pet-friendly for dogs, this residence ensures that even your furry friends can enjoy the stay. Please read the full listing and enquire for more details.
Located in an unbeatable location, this home provides the perfect base to explore and enjoy all that London has to offer. Make your stay unforgettable in this exceptional residence!
Share this property
Highlighted Features
Living Room
Stylish spot to kick back and relax

Gorgeous balcony view overlooking private garden square

Smart TV

Fast Wifi

Sofa bed for one

Kitchen
Fully equipped

Complete with dining area

Modern and chic interiors

Bathrooms
3 full bathrooms

One master bedroom boasting a spacious en-suite

Garden
Private back garden

Perfect spot for a morning coffee!

Utility Room
Washing machine

Tumble dryer

Bathtub

Hair dryer

Cleaning products

Shampoo

Conditioner

Body soap

Hot water

Shower gel

Washing machine

Dryer

Essentials

Hangers

Bed linen

Iron

Clothing storage

Cot

Pack ’n play / Travel cot

Indoor fireplace

Portable fans

Heating Smoke / Carbon monoxide alarm

Fire extinguisher

Wi-Fi

Dedicated workspace

Refrigerator (Fridge and freezer)

Microwave / Toaster

Cooking basics

Dishes, cutlery, wine glasses

Dishwasher

Stove / Oven

Hot water kettle

Dining table

Coffee

Laundromat nearby

Patio or balcony

Backyard

Explore the Neighborhood
Neighbourhood
Our home is ideally located in a charming and quiet square and just around the corner from all Knightsbridge and Sloane Street has to offer.
Knightsbridge is one of London's most famous and luxurious neighbourhoods. Renowned for being home to the iconic Harrods and an endless selection of designer and boutique stores, as well as world-class amenities. Beyond the unmatchable shopping opportunities, the area is also home to some of London's most amazing restaurants, cafes and bars - all a stone's throw away. 
Our home is also conveniently situated close to the open space of Hyde Park, the perfect spot to enjoy a morning walk or Summer picnic.
Getting Around
‣ Knightsbridge tube station is just a 5 min walk away, serving the Piccadilly Line - giving you easy access to all over London.
‣ Plenty of bus stops along the main road and a short walk from the house.
‣ South Kensington (District & Circle Line) station is a 15 min walk away or just 1 stop from Knightsbridge station.
‣ The house is perfectly located within close proximity to amazing neighbourhoods nearby, easily accessible by public transport - South Kensington, Belgravia, Westminster, Mayfair leading onto Soho.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m13!1m8!1m3!1d19872.049910175523!2d-0.191748!3d51.494753!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m2!1m1!2zNTHCsDI5JzQxLjEiTiAwwrAxMSczMC4zIlc!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1774447732945!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>