Pavilion Road No. 1
The perfect blend of luxury and comfort
4 Bedrooms
4 Full Bathrooms
Elegant and Stylish Decor & Interiors
Pet-Friendly
£ 30,000 / Month







Description
The perfect blend of luxury and comfort
Discover the epitome of luxury and comfort in this stunning home located between Knightsbridge and Sloane Square. This spacious residence features four beautifully appointed bedrooms, accommodating up to eight guests, making it ideal for large groups and families. The elegant and stylish decor throughout the home creates a sophisticated ambiance, perfect for a memorable stay.
Situated just a 10-minute walk from Harrods, you'll be surrounded by an incredible choice of restaurants, cafes, and bars, offering the best of London's vibrant dining and social scene. Both Knightsbridge and Sloane Square stations are just a 7-minute walk away, providing easy access to explore the city.
Enjoy London in an unforgettable home with an unbeatable location. This pet-friendly property welcomes dogs, ensuring that even your furry friends can join the adventure. Please read the full listing and enquire for more details. Experience the best of London living in this exceptional residence!
Share this property
Highlighted Features
Living Room
Spoilt for choice with 2 spacious spots to kick back and relax

Ample space, one living room with work space

Second living room with a mini bar area

Smart TVs

Fast Wifi

8 Guests
Four comfortable and cosy rooms

Master bedroom with king bed

One double room

One room with two single beds

Final bedroom with a single Rollaway bed can be provided for an 8th guest

Kitchen
Large and modern kitchen

Fully equipped

Stylish white interiors

Adjacent to dining area

Bathrooms
3 bathrooms

Elegant and modern

One master bedroom with en-suite

Bath

Hair dryer

Cleaning products

Shampoo

Conditioner

Body soap

Hot water

Shower gel

Washing machine

Dryer

Essentials

Hangers

Linen

Iron

Clothes storage

TV

Exercise equipment

Cot / Travel cot

Air conditioning

Portable fans

Heating

Smoke / Carbon monoxide alarm

Wifi

Dedicated workspace

Cooker

Microwave

Cooking basics

Dishes, cutlery, wine glasses

Fridge and freezer

Dishwasher

Stove / Oven

Kettle

Toaster

Rice cooker

Dining table

Coffee

Laundromat nearby

Patio or balcony

Garden

Outdoor furniture

Explore the Neighborhood
Neighbourhood
Our home is ideally located in a charming and quiet mews. Equidistant to Knightsbridge and Sloane Square, giving you an amazing choice of shops, restaurants, cafes and bars whichever direction you turn.
Knightsbridge and Sloane Square are both one of London's most famous and luxurious neighbourhoods. Knightsbridge renowned for being home to the iconic Harrods (10 min walk from the house) and an endless selection of designer and boutique stores, as well as world-class amenities.
Sloane Square, famous for Chelsea's Kings Road, gives you an even wider selection of excellent things to see and do.
Beyond the unmatchable shopping opportunities, the house is surrounded by some of London's most popular restaurants, cafes and bars - all a stone's throw away.
Our home is also conveniently situated close to the open space of Hyde Park, the perfect spot to enjoy a morning walk or Summer picnic.
Getting Around
‣ The house is the perfect base to explore London from whatever the occasion; surrounded by wonderful and exciting neighbourhoods but also excellent transport links to explore London with ease.
‣ Harrods a stone's throw away
‣ ncredible choice of restaurants, cafes and bars nearby
‣ 7 min walk to either Knightsbridge station (Piccadilly Line) or Sloane Square (District & Circle Line)
‣ Plenty of bus stops a short walk from the house

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m13!1m8!1m3!1d19872.428309466595!2d-0.172726!3d51.493885000000006!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m2!1m1!2zNTHCsDI5JzM4LjAiTiAwwrAxMCcyMS44Ilc!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1774447869345!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>